Update dlp-chrome-get-started.md (#10503)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/dlp-chrome-get-started.md

3. Select **Create Profile**.

4. Select **Windows 10 and later** as the platform.

5. Select **Templates** as the profile type.

6. Select **Custom** as the template name.

> 7. Click create.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Select **Create**.
```

> 8. Enter a name and optional description on the **Basics** tab and click next.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Enter a name and optional description on the **Basics** tab and select **Next**.
```

9. Select **Add** on the **Configuration settings** tab.

10. Enter the following policy information.

    OMA-URI: `./Device/Vendor/MSFT/Policy/Config/Chrome~Policy~googlechrome~Extensions/ExtensionInstallForcelist`<br/>
    Data type: `String`<br/>
    Value: `<enabled/><data id="ExtensionInstallForcelistDesc" value="1&#xF000; echcggldkblhodogklpincgchnpgcdco;https://clients2.google.com/service/update2/crx"/>`
    

> 11. Click save and click next.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. Select **Save** and then select **Next**.
```

> 12. Add or edit scope tags on the **Scope tags** tab if desired and click next.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. Add or edit scope tags on the **Scope tags** tab as needed and select **Next**.
```

> 13. Add the desired deployment users/devices/groups on the **Assignments** tab and click next.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. Add the required deployment users, devices, and groups on the **Assignments** tab and select **Next**.
```

> 14. Add applicability rules on the **Applicability Rules** tab if desired and click next.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
14. Add applicability rules on the **Applicability Rules** tab as required and select **Next**.
```

> 15. Click create.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
15. Select **Create**.
```
